features.0.weight               =    conv1.conv.0.weight
features.0.bias                 =    conv1.conv.0.bias
features.1.weight               =    conv1.conv.1.weight
features.1.bias                 =    conv1.conv.1.bias
features.1.running_mean         =    conv1.conv.1.running_mean
features.1.running_var          =    conv1.conv.1.running_var
                                =    conv1.conv.1.num_batches_tracked
features.3.weight               =    conv1.conv.3.weight
features.3.bias                 =    conv1.conv.3.bias
features.4.weight               =    conv1.conv.4.weight
features.4.bias                 =    conv1.conv.4.bias
features.4.running_mean         =    conv1.conv.4.running_mean
features.4.running_var          =    conv1.conv.4.running_var
                                =    conv1.conv.4.num_batches_tracked
features.7.weight               =    conv2.conv.0.weight
features.7.bias                 =    conv2.conv.0.bias
features.8.weight               =    conv2.conv.1.weight
features.8.bias                 =    conv2.conv.1.bias
features.8.running_mean         =    conv2.conv.1.running_mean
features.8.running_var          =    conv2.conv.1.running_var
                                =    conv2.conv.1.num_batches_tracked
features.10.weight              =    conv2.conv.3.weight
features.10.bias                =    conv2.conv.3.bias
features.11.weight              =    conv2.conv.4.weight
features.11.bias                =    conv2.conv.4.bias
features.11.running_mean        =    conv2.conv.4.running_mean
features.11.running_var         =    conv2.conv.4.running_var
                                =    conv2.conv.4.num_batches_tracked
features.14.weight              =    conv3.conv.0.weight
features.14.bias                =    conv3.conv.0.bias
features.15.weight              =    conv3.conv.1.weight
features.15.bias                =    conv3.conv.1.bias
features.15.running_mean        =    conv3.conv.1.running_mean
features.15.running_var         =    conv3.conv.1.running_var
                                =    conv3.conv.1.num_batches_tracked
features.17.weight              =    conv3.conv.3.weight
features.17.bias                =    conv3.conv.3.bias
features.18.weight              =    conv3.conv.4.weight
features.18.bias                =    conv3.conv.4.bias
features.18.running_mean        =    conv3.conv.4.running_mean
features.18.running_var         =    conv3.conv.4.running_var
                                =    conv3.conv.4.num_batches_tracked
features.20.weight              =    conv3.conv.6.weight
features.20.bias                =    conv3.conv.6.bias
features.21.weight              =    conv3.conv.7.weight
features.21.bias                =    conv3.conv.7.bias
features.21.running_mean        =    conv3.conv.7.running_mean
features.21.running_var         =    conv3.conv.7.running_var
                                =    conv3.conv.7.num_batches_tracked
features.24.weight              =    conv4.conv.0.weight
features.24.bias                =    conv4.conv.0.bias
features.25.weight              =    conv4.conv.1.weight
features.25.bias                =    conv4.conv.1.bias
features.25.running_mean        =    conv4.conv.1.running_mean
features.25.running_var         =    conv4.conv.1.running_var
                                =    conv4.conv.1.num_batches_tracked
features.27.weight              =    conv4.conv.3.weight
features.27.bias                =    conv4.conv.3.bias
features.28.weight              =    conv4.conv.4.weight
features.28.bias                =    conv4.conv.4.bias
features.28.running_mean        =    conv4.conv.4.running_mean
features.28.running_var         =    conv4.conv.4.running_var
                                =    conv4.conv.4.num_batches_tracked
features.30.weight              =    conv4.conv.6.weight
features.30.bias                =    conv4.conv.6.bias
features.31.weight              =    conv4.conv.7.weight
features.31.bias                =    conv4.conv.7.bias
features.31.running_mean        =    conv4.conv.7.running_mean
features.31.running_var         =    conv4.conv.7.running_var
                                =    conv4.conv.7.num_batches_tracked
features.34.weight              =    conv5.conv.0.weight
features.34.bias                =    conv5.conv.0.bias
features.35.weight              =    conv5.conv.1.weight
features.35.bias                =    conv5.conv.1.bias
features.35.running_mean        =    conv5.conv.1.running_mean
features.35.running_var         =    conv5.conv.1.running_var
                                =    conv5.conv.1.num_batches_tracked
features.37.weight              =    conv5.conv.3.weight
features.37.bias                =    conv5.conv.3.bias
features.38.weight              =    conv5.conv.4.weight
features.38.bias                =    conv5.conv.4.bias
features.38.running_mean        =    conv5.conv.4.running_mean
features.38.running_var         =    conv5.conv.4.running_var
                                =    conv5.conv.4.num_batches_tracked
features.40.weight              =    conv5.conv.6.weight
features.40.bias                =    conv5.conv.6.bias
features.41.weight              =    conv5.conv.7.weight
features.41.bias                =    conv5.conv.7.bias
features.41.running_mean        =    conv5.conv.7.running_mean
features.41.running_var         =    conv5.conv.7.running_var
                                =    conv5.conv.7.num_batches_tracked
